In the history of this tournament,
there have been one hundred and twelve
hole-in-ones recorded, including a record of
nine hole-in-ones in 2016.
In 2024, there have been five hole-in-ones
made during the Par 3 Contest,
also known as the Par 3 competition.
There have been nine Par 3 holes.
Across the four Major events.
Hole number seven.
Speaking of Gary Player,
he is considered as one of
the great role models for golfers.
This year, nearly ninety years old,
the South African legend still
shows agility and remains
an inspiration
for all younger generations with
his hard work, dedication, and effort,
eventually becoming
one of the all-time greats,
one of the Big Three in golf,
both now and then.
And we have witnessed
a hole-in-one score
in this season.
That is the special emotion
of the Par 3 contest.
In 2025, we are
re-watching the hole-in-one
by Keegan Brassley.
Clearly, this is one of the
wonderful years for Keegan Brassley as
aside from the Par 3 Contest,
Keegan Brassley has already
scored two hole-in-ones this year.
And the most recent one was
at The Players Championship.
Right now, on the leaderboard
of the Par 3 contest,
Bubba Watson is leading with
a score of minus three.
Mark O'Meara and David Slaby are
tied for second place
with a score of minus two.
The ball is rolling down the slope.
Will it be a hole-in-one?
Just a bit more power,
and it would have been a hole-in-one.
Jack Johnson.
No hole-in-one at hole number
four for Jack Johnson, the former
captain of the US Ryder Cup team.
Perhaps with the Par 3 contest,
people are eagerly waiting
for more hole-in-ones.
Nikolai Hojgaard's shot
at hole number six.
Will it be a hole-in-one?
No hole-in-one.
Clearly, we are all waiting
for shots like that.
This is Jonathan Vegard,
at hole number eight.
The ball went strong to the back,
but now it's rolling back down.
We can see the ball
still rolling after
Vegard's shot.
Will it roll directly
into the hole?
What a pity!
A shot by Rasmus Hojgaard.
The ball rolls back quickly.
Could it be a hole-in-one?
No hole-in-one!
Such a pity, still no
second hole-in-one today
in the Par 3 contest.
Could this be the person
to bring us another hole-in-one?
Tom Haughey.
That's right, Tom Haughey!
And that is the second
hole-in-one of this year's Par 3 contest.
Let's watch again
Tom Haughey's shot.
All that's left for Tom Haughey
is simply to pick up the ball.
Jack Johnson's shot
at hole number eight.
No third hole-in-one,
a right-to-left curl,
sloping nicely, a stunning arc
from Jack Johnson.
And the expected player
besides the gallery is Ruimac Roy.
For over ten years, Ruimac Roy still hasn't...